So with the plans looking nice, it's now time to continue right here,
so in this red part right here with our key features and the cool thing is that this will become your
challenge because your goal is to change the way these key features are displayed.
The desktop version is fine actually,
so everything should actually remain the way it is.
The problem starts right here in the mobile version because right there, I don't want to have these images
and the corresponding text being displayed next to each other but below each other.
So we will start with this image and this text, then we'll have this image and that text
and the last one, that's the pattern.
So it basically should follow the logic we had for our plans,
so one after each other. For that, you actually only need media queries of course and you need to change
the key feature class right here,
this one and the key feature list class, that's everything.
So try it on your own,
I can tell you that you won't need any properties or any features we didn't use so far throughout the course,
so you should be able to solve it.
So try it and you can now pause the video and after this break and after you tried it, I will show
you one way how to solve this issue,
good luck.
So how was it,
could you solve the challenge?
Let me show you my solution.
As I said, we have to work on the key feature list and on the key feature classes
and the problem is that these items are displayed horizontally and they should be displayed vertically.
Now if we go to our code, to the key feature class right here, we see the issue for that,
it's basically display inline block, the same problem we had when we wanted to have our plans to be
displayed like that.
So let me quickly comment that out now because we will need the code later for the
desktop version
and with that if we go back, we can see that our elements are now displayed vertically already.
So this is already looking good
but the problem still is that these elements are not centered now
but we can quickly solve this because the only thing we have to do right now is we have to get rid
of this 30% width.
Let me comment that out because we will need it later also for the
desktop version.
And with that, if we reload the page,
this works perfectly for all our mobile sizes now,
so this looks good.
The problem is that this is only the mobile part
now of course, in the desktop version,
we have the same look and we don't want that,
we want to have our initial desktop look back. For that, we know how this works
in the meanwhile, we only have to add a media query and let's add it maybe again right here.
So we write @media, open the bracket and define our well-known min width of 30rem, like that and open
the curly braces.
Now the thing we have to change right now for the desktop version is of course our key feature right
here,
so let's copy the enter code, right here and paste it.
We don't need to change vertical align,
that's totally fine, that can be kept like that
or more specifically, we can actually delete it right here because vertical align top is not
required right here
if we have a look at it in the mobile view because we only have this one line and if it jumps to two lines,
it's not an issue.
We only had this vertical align top declaration to make sure that when you are in the desktop view, in
this bigger one, that each text is aligned to the top when it's placed next to each other,
not an issue we have right now.
That's why we can delete the vertical align top declaration but we have to add it right here and now we
can simply comment in the display
inline block and width 30% declarations
and of course, delete the entire key feature rule right here.
So if we now reload the page, we can see that our desktop view works fine again and the same thing
is true for our mobile view because it simply behaves just as block level elements do
and as we can see, if we increase our size, the 30% are working because the 30% that we
added for the width are referring to this key feature,
so basically to the width of that container right here
but it might make sense to also add a max width right here.
We learned how this works,
so let's add the max width property right here.
So a nice value would be this one, so that it's kind of aligned with the plans we have right here.
So if we go back to our media query and have a look at the plan, we defined a max width of 25rem.
So let's maybe simply copy that entire code and overwrite it right here,
like that
and if we do that and reload the page, we can see that our elements keep increasing, so the gap increases
but as soon as we hit our max width, it won't increase anymore.
So this looks really nice
actually now.
With that, we finished our starting page,
it's now really responsive and looks really nice as I would say. There are two more issues though which are
related to the starting page and also affect all the other pages.
This is the nav bar as we can see up here,
it doesn't look good
and also the footer does not behave exactly the way I would like it to behave.
So as you now know all the basics about how to apply media queries and how they work,
I think the best thing that follows this challenge is an assignment.
So let's have a look at your assignment for the responsive design module in the next lecture.